I want to add some credit here so that the drop down for our company is only visible and company is
selected in the roles down.
So while the application is running, we can go back to the registered e-mail and scroll down.
Let's add some custom JavaScript.
We'll say document dark ready and we'll create a function.
Once the document is ready, we want to add a trigger on this dropdown.
So if you press F12 here and inspect that element, we have the i.d.s in patrol.
So let's add a trigger on input row so we can set dollar cash and patrol.
And on there we have the change event.
So whenever we change the dropdown here, we want to call this function.
We're going to create a variable I call the selection is equal to.
We want to get the text of the current selection.
So if you go to the input text here, whichever option is selected that will have an option of selected.
So in order to get that order based the input rule on top of that, the option should be selected if
that is selected.
Then we want to get the text of that dropped out.
Simple query nothing complex.
Then we can check here if selection is not equal to let's see the selection value, which is company.
So if that is not equal to company, then we want to toggle the next dropdown that we have here.
Let me get its safety input.
Underscore company I.T..
So we want to say Dollar Tash input company, and we want to hide it.
If this election is not company as we want to display that, so else we want to show it that nothing
complex, but this should work.
Let's go back and refresh here.
And if we select anything other than company, it's not possible when we select a company that gets
loaded.
Perfect.
Let me go to the top where we have to drop down.
I would have style of discipline and by default.
Let's refresh the page.
And that is perfect.
Only this last the other drop down.
Now, of course, you can spend more time on validations and making this fancy.
But that is not my main focus.
So if that's continue from the next week, you.